Other Miscellaneous Commands Pages (#32)
MoonlightCapital/MoonlightBot-docs: miscellaneous-commands/userconfig.md

# userconfig

> This command lets you configure some personal settings regarding the types of notifications you get from MoonlightBot.

Reviewer: notifications aren't the only thing here (think of locale), i'm planning to add more options to this command as i develop things

> This command lets you configure some personal settings regarding the types of notifications you get from MoonlightBot, and other prefrences regarding your experince with MoonlightBot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command lets you configure some personal settings regarding the types of notifications you get from MoonlightBot, and other preferences to customize your experience with the bot.
```

I'd also mention that it works the same way as the /config (along with link) for servers

/userconfig settings [reaction-role-notifications] [vote-reminders]
```

> * `reaction-role-notifications`: This subcommand lets you enable or disable notifications when you add or remove [a reaction role](/start-up/setting-up-reaction-roles.md) from yourself.

Reviewer: option, not subcommands

this one if set to false disables them regardless of server settings on the matter, if true, the server decides whether or not to send the notification

default is true

> * `vote-reminders`: This subcommand will remind you daily to [vote for MoonlightBot.](/MoonlightBot-docs/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md)

Reviewer: default is true

also the full stops

reminders are triggered by the act of voting itself, not using this command

> * `locale`: This subcommand lets you choose what language you want your notifications to be in. For example, if you live in Canada, you can set the locale to French or English. If you'd rather have the bot automatically determine the locale, you can set it to "Auto" and it will automatically determine the locale.

Reviewer: not only notifications, pretty much all of the bot's responses and interactions with you. the canada example is not a good idea, redo it

autodetermines from the language set on the discord app when you use a command

> * `reaction-role-notifications`: This option lets you enable or disable notifications when you add or remove [a reaction role](/start-up/setting-up-reaction-roles.md) from yourself. Normally, this option is set to true, and the server owner will determine whether or not you get a notification.By setting it to false, it overrides what the server is set to do, and does not send you notifications regardless of server settings.
> * `vote-reminders`: This option will remind you daily to [vote for MoonlightBot.](/MoonlightBot-docs/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md) By voting for the first time, it will trugger it to remind you to vote again.
> * `locale`: This option lets you choose what language you want your interactions with MoonlightBot to be in. If you'd rather have the bot automatically determine the locale from the language you have the Discord app set to, you can set it to "Auto" and it will automatically determine the locale (this is done by default unless you first explicitly change this value.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `reaction-role-notifications`: This option lets you enable or disable notifications when you add or remove [a reaction role](/start-up/setting-up-reaction-roles.md) from yourself. Normally, this option is set to true, and the server owner will determine whether or not you get a notification.By setting it to false, it overrides what the server is set to do, and does not send you notifications regardless of server settings
* `vote-reminders`: This option will remind you daily to [vote for MoonlightBot.](/MoonlightBot-docs/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md) By voting for the first time, it will trigger it to remind you to vote again
* `locale`: This option lets you choose what language you want your interactions with MoonlightBot to be in. If you'd rather have the bot automatically determine the locale from the language you have the Discord app set to, you can set it to "Auto" and it will automatically determine the locale (this is done by default unless you first explicitly change this value)
```

Typos, also no full stops at the end of the bullet points

/userconfig settings [reaction-role-notifications] [vote-reminders]
```

* `reaction-role-notifications`: This option lets you enable or disable notifications when you add or remove [a reaction role](/start-up/setting-up-reaction-roles.md) from yourself. Normally, this option is set to true, and the server owner will determine whether or not you get a notification.By setting it to false, it overrides what the server is set to do, and does not send you notifications regardless of server settings.
* `vote-reminders`: This option will remind you daily to [vote for MoonlightBot.](/MoonlightBot-docs/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md) By voting for the first time, it will trugger it to remind you to vote again.

> * `locale`: This option lets you choose what language you want your interactions with MoonlightBot to be in. If you'd rather have the bot automatically determine the locale from the language you use commands in, you can set it to "Auto" and it will automatically determine the locale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `locale`: This option lets you choose what language you want your interactions with MoonlightBot to be in. If you'd rather have the bot automatically determine the locale from the language you have the Discord app set to, you can set it to "Auto" and it will automatically determine the locale (this is done by default unless you first explicitly change this value)
```
